hi guys I'm Laura Vitale on this episode
of Laura in the kitchen I'm going to
show you how to make my world-famous mac
and cheese it's so simple and easy it's
not the kind of mac and cheese you get
out of a box
it is so Hardy and delicious gooey gooey
full of cheeses are just delicious but
before we get started it means go over
the ingredients you'll need some pasta
and I'm choosing to use my corkscrew
pasta whole milk that's been warned some
grated cheddar whole milk mozzarella
freshly grated Parmesan Reggiano some
bread crumbs some flour pancetta butter
and you're also gonna need tiny bit of
olive oil and salt and pepper
very simple and easy and this is so
delicious now I make mine with 3
different kinds of cheeses and I'm my
favorites are the combination I'm using
today which is sharp cheddar mozzarella
and parmigiano why because the sharp
cheddar has a lot of really sharp tangy
flavor the mozzarella just melts into
the most delicious early gooey texture
and the parmigiana is a really nice
nutty flavor so I think it makes a great
combo but you can use whatever you want
if you want to use Swiss Gruyere please
by all means do that I don't use Swiss
only because I think it's a little too
strong and it overpowers everything else
so that's why I'm choosing this
combination now I make mine with some
cubed up and then sauteed pancetta it is
so delicious pancetta is pretty much the
Italian version of bacon except it's not
smoked you can find it pretty much in
any supermarket nowadays but if you
can't find it you can always substitute
with bacon and you kind of want to chop
it up into nice small pieces okay
first thing you Adam get you up into 400
get that ready second thing you wanna do
is get a big pot fill it with water
nice sprinkling of salt get that to come
up to a boil for your pasta now we need
to head over to the stove so we can make
our bechamel and saute up our pancetta
I've added my past that's my boiling
water and while that cooks we're going
to work on the pancetta and the bechamel
now have a little scaler here with about
less than a tablespoon of olive oil
probably about a teaspoon and a half and
to that I'm going to add my pancetta
I want to do is just let this cook until
it's nice and crispy I'll take about
three to four minutes let that go and
now in this pan over medium-high heat
I'm adding my butter and I'm letting the
butter melt now looks good I'm going to
add in my flour and I'm just going to
keep stirring this until it all comes
together and I'm going to cook it for
about a minute so it gets rid of that
raw flour taste and it doesn't taste
like glue it tastes like a nice cook
true just keep stirring otherwise it'll
stick now to that I'm going to add my
milk just doing it really slowly and
whisking the whole time we're stirring
us today because I'm just trying to
avoid any lumps so just add all of your
milk little by little now that I added
all my milk you make sure it's nice and
smooth so I have to stir it for about a
minute you want to cook this until it's
nice and thick which will take about
three to four minutes and also the
contact that's perfectly cooked I turn
it off and now I'm just going to drain
it onto just a little a plate and then
we're going to finish assembling the
whole thing my bechamel looks perfect
but now I need to be seasoned we're just
going to season with black pepper my
mother would have a heart attack at this
point at this point because she likes to
use white pepper in her bechamel but
she's not here today so I'm going to use
black pepper some salt not too much salt
only because we have this plaster that's
already been seasoned with salt and
we're adding so many cheeses and the
pancetta that it doesn't really need it
I'm then going to add my grated sharp
cheddar my grated mozzarella this whole
milk mozzarella melts beautifully and
half of the parmigiano and I'll show you
why and when you're doing half and I'm
just going to stir this all together
because this is really hot until all the
cheese's have melted beautifully that
looks absolutely gorgeous now I'm going
to just take my pasta that I drained and
I've let this cook until it's nice and
al dente actually a little bit shorter
you know a little bit less than al dente
only because it's going to be in the
oven for a little bit
and I want to overcook it I'm then going
to add my creamy cheese sauce I think
it's plenty chew my pasta and I'm just
going to mix it all together with a
punch it down just mix it all up like so
I'm just putting this into my casserole
dish trying to get it all out don't
leave anything behind just kind of even
it out I mean admittedly this is a very
rich dish I'll admit that
but this is not the kind of thing I eat
every day and I'm certainly not
suggesting how you eat this every day
but once in a while you just crave some
comfort food and this is perfect
I've just put a little bit more sauce
over the top it's gorgeous I love that
look I am then going to top it with some
bread crumbs and this is going to give
you such a nice crispy topping Oh
probably my favorite part of this dish
and then the remaining by my channel
just evenly over the top that looks just
gorgeous makes like a really crispy
crust and then I'm going to drizzle it
with just a touch of olive oil just to
help the bread crumbs kind of Brown up
wonderful now this is going to go into
your preheated oven 400 degrees for 20
to 25 minutes until the top is nicely
golden brown and then we'll die eat it
what else is it adieu I took my mac and
cheese out of the oven and this just
baked for about 25 minutes so the top is
nice and golden and it looks incredible
it smells even better I let this cool
for about five minutes only because I
don't have the willpower to let it wait
once it's on my plate so oh look at that
crust you see that look at the cheesy
sauce ah this is a dinner for champions
I tell you serve this with a simple
green salad and you have got a great
steam
great dinner
ha hmm it's super creaming
it's so nice and tangy from all the
different cheeses makes such a great
blend dip uncheck that puts it over the
top but this crust right here ah yeah
it's so delicious I guarantee you once
you make this mac & cheese you will
never ever buy a box of mac and cheese
ever again there's no need to you can
make it from scratch you can make it in
no time
it's super simple and easy I mean if I
can do it you can do it and that's it I
mean you saw it and it's incredible I'm
telling you just serve this along with a
simple salad and you have a fantastic
dinner to share with your loved ones and
they're going to rave about it that's it
I hope you guys have enjoyed spending
time with me to get this recipe another
through www kitchen com I'll see you
next time
you
why offer my grill back of off me